docs: Finish sentence around pull secret (#186)
containers/bootc: docs/install.md

If you are pushing an unsigned image, you must specify `bootc install --target-no-signature-verification`.

> Additionally note that to perform an install from an authenticated registry, you must provide

Reviewer: Would

```suggestion
Additionally note that to perform an install with a target image reference set to an authenticated registry, you must provide
```

be more accurate?
